The True Tale of Peter Piper ; copywritten and protected; no unauthorized dupilcation permitted 
Now, we all know the tale of old Peter Piper and the peck of peppers that he picked. 
Oh yes, it’s a familiar fable for sure.
Peter Piper picked that peck from a particularly pleasant patch of peppers planted by his pop. 
Wait, were you wondering… “Wasn’t it a pickled peck of peppers picked by Peter?” 
No. That phrase is false. 
You see, the pickling of the pleasantly picked peppers from the patch his pop planted didn’t proceed until well past the picking. 
So, while some may say that Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, it was a peck of particularly pleasant poblano peppers Peter patiently picked. 
And prior to persons pondering “How many peppers did Peter Piper pick?” 
Please put such punctual probing patiently at the end of our perilous plot. 
But if you must know… He picked a peck. 
Now, let’s return to the tortuously tongue twisting tale of Peter Piper. 
As I mentioned, the poblano peppers Peter Piper’s pop planted that Peter Piper picked were never the pickled peppers publicized in the past. 
That part is precisely preposterous. 
How exactly is one to pick pickled peppers from a planted patch?
Do you think poblano peppers are planted pickled? 
No. Not at all. 
Planting pickled poblano peppers is pure poppycock. 
You see, the pickling of Peter Piper’s picked peck of poblanos didn’t even pop into Peter’s pate until he passed Pastor Paula  and the painter Pepe . 
Pastor Paula and the painter Pepe were passionately performing a peculiar piece from the play Pippen when Peter Piper promenaded past with his pleasant peppers. 
Upon smelling the perfume of the peck, both pastor and painter pleaded to partake in digesting such delicious delicacies.
Peter Piper, being the pleasant person that he was, shared his fresh feast. 
As the three popped the peck of peppers, the painter Pepe presumed to postulate that perhaps Peter should preserve his poblanos. 
Peter had never pictured pickling peppers prior, but the idea proceeded to percolate and presently Peter purchased a processing plant for pickling peppers. 
Peter Piper’s pepper pickling plant plugged away. 
Indeed, the busy business boomed beyond the bounds where Peter Piper’s pecks of peppers could provide provisions for the pleasant product. 
Peter Piper became a proprietor in pursuit of pleasant people to pick pleasing peppers for his pickling plant. 
This, precisely, is where Peter Piper’s path becomes perilous. 
You see, with a booming busy business he hired many wired workers all pepped up on powerful poblanos.   
Perhaps, if he’d paid for professionals, Peter wouldn’t have wound up in the following predicament.
Because, while Peter Piper was proudly preening, a wired worker busily bumped the brine barrel, bopping the blissful boss into the bubbling brew. 
All the workers jumped in to help their panicking proprietor, but alas, they forgot to pull the plug on the powerful pump that pulled peppers to purple pots.
Pair after pair of panicked people were plopped into purple pots of pickling paste.
I’m sure you can picture the unpleasantness of those poor pickled potted persons at Peter Piper’s pepper pickling plant.  
Luckily, Pastor Paula and painter Pepe  poked in for some perfectly pickled poblanos when the puzzling sounds produced by panicked people pointed them to the peril. 
Presently the partners powered off the pumps freeing the panicked people and the proprietor just prior to completing the pickling process. 
In protest, after practically becoming potted pickled people in a pepper processing plant, all the workers quit.
I mean, come on, wouldn’t you?
It wasn’t long after, that Peter Piper had to sell his pepper pickling plant to a young woman named Sally who had been selling sea shells by the sea shore. 
So, there it is, the true tale of Peter Pipers pickled peppers. 
Let it be a warning to all. 
If you ever find yourself near a pepper processing plant purchasing a peck of pickled poblanos, don’t fall into the purple pots and become a pickled person. It’s not pleasant. 
